[Doc] Add docs on how to install the Pulsar Wireshark dissector (#13401)
apache/pulsar: pulsar-client-cpp/wireshark/README.md

# Pulsar Wireshark dissector

The Pulsar Wireshark dissector allows to automatically decode the Pulsar binary protocol
and visualize useful debug information (linking requests with responses, latency stats, etc.)

> ### Install Wireshark

Author: Addressed.

#### macOS

Recommend use this way to install Wireshark in macOS.

```bash
brew install homebrew/cask/wireshark
```

#### Ubuntu

```bash
sudo apt install wireshark

> ```

Author: Addressed.

### Install dependencies

Install Wireshark with the development headers, necessary in order to build the plugin.

> **NOTE**: Please make sure the Wireshark application version is the same as the Wireshark Headers version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**
> Make sure the Wireshark application version is the same as the Wireshark headers version.
```

Do not use **please** in technical information. Technical information requires an authoritative tone. Terms of politeness are superfluous, convey the wrong tone for technical material, and are not regarded the same way in all cultures. In marketing information, terms of politeness might be appropriate. Use the imperative mood in the first sentence of each step.

Details see https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lc5j4RtuLIzlEYCBo97AC8-U_3Erzs_lxpkDuseU0n4/edit#bookmark=id.x24xr2yx9b9t

Author: I see. I'll read this document carefully. Thanks for your suggestion.

#### macOS

```shell
$ brew install wireshark
```

#### Ubuntu

```shell
$ sudo apt install wireshark-dev

> ```

Reviewer: same comments

### Compile the dissector

> > If the compiler cannot find the wireshark headers,

Reviewer: is this a tip? if so, we can update it as:
```suggestion
> **Tip**
> If the compiler cannot find the Wireshark headers, add the include path manually.
> `-DWIRESHARK_INCLUDE_PATH=<WIRESHARK_INCLUDE_PATH>`
```

> please use `-DWIRESHARK_INCLUDE_PATH=<WIRESHARK_INCLUDE_PATH>` to manually add include path.

> Compile the dissector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compile the dissector.
```
Use a period (rather than colon) at the end of a sentence.

```shell
cd pulsar-client-cpp
cmake -DBUILD_WIRESHARK=ON .
make pulsar-dissector
```

> This will create the `pulsar-dissector.so` plugin library in Wireshark directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates the `pulsar-dissector.so` plugin library in the Wireshark directory.
```
Write in the simple present tense as much as possible if you are covering facts that were, are, and forever shall be true. Details see https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lc5j4RtuLIzlEYCBo97AC8-U_3Erzs_lxpkDuseU0n4/edit#bookmark=id.e8uqh1awkcnp

### Install Wireshark dissector

Copy the dissector in the appropriate location so that Wireshark can find it at startup.

#### Find the Personal Plugins Location

1. Open Wireshark

> 2. Click About Wireshark

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **About Wireshark**
```

Use bold for menus, menu items, separator symbols, items in the navigation tree, and the greater than symbol. If a menu contains variable menu items, use lowercase bold italic. 

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lc5j4RtuLIzlEYCBo97AC8-U_3Erzs_lxpkDuseU0n4/edit#bookmark=id.7x9g7hiebz8x

> 3. Find Folders tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Folders** tab.
```
do you mean this?

Author: You're right. Thanks for your suggestion.

> You can see the Personal Plugins Location, which is important for the next step.

Reviewer: should we capitalize each word for "Personal Plugins Location"? is it a proper noun?

> You can see the Personal Plugins Location, which is important for the next step.

Reviewer: How about changing it as below?

You can see the location of personal plugins, which is important for the next step.

Example

Wireshark 3.6.0 on macOS

```
~/.local/lib/wireshark/plugins/3-6/
```

#### Copy Wireshark dissector to appropriate location

Example for Wireshark 3.6.0 on macOS (This Location should be the previous step got Personal Plugins Location):

~/.local/lib/wireshark/plugins/3-6/

```shell
cd ~/.local/lib/wireshark/plugins/3-6/
mkdir -p ~/.local/lib/wireshark/plugins/3-6/epan
cd pulsar-client-cpp/wireshark
cp pulsar-dissector.so ~/.local/lib/wireshark/plugins/3-6/epan
```

#### Complete installation

> Reboot Wireshark, you should be able to see the pulsar-dissector in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reboot Wireshark. You can see the pulsar-dissector in **View > Internals > Dissector Tables**.
```
